added Documentation for #9404 (#133)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/07.Channels/03.Focus Items/docs.en.md

Focus Items action depends on page visits. This means that **you must add it just after 'Visits a page' decision**.

![Animated GIF showing the Campaign Builder adding a focus item directly after a visits page decision](focus-campaign-action.gif)

## Disabling Tracking

> In the Mautic Configuration you can disable to set the Tracking Cookie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Mautic Configuration you can disable setting the tracking cookie.
```
